Test cases are sorted according to their possible business impact:

Dashboard:
1.	Tap on a category to check the calculator appears or not. In calculator following items need to verify:
a.	Verify add expense icons adds the amount of expense to that category.
b.	Verify expense is deducted from right source account.
c.	Checking mathematical functionalities of the calculator.
d.	Checking the date in each expanse category according to the right time zone.
e.	Validation checking for input fields.
f.	Negative value checking for input fields
g.	Verify amount is not added to any category if category is not selected.
h.	Clear entry button functionality in amount input field
i.	Checking Back to dashboard link
2.	Check the functionality of ‘Expense’ and ‘Income’ button.
3.	Choosing Category while adding ‘Expense’ and ‘Income’, adds the amount to right category.
4.	Verify the Balance amount according to incomes and expenses.
5.	Check the breakdown of amount in Balance.
6.	Check the percentage of expenses according to the expanse value. 
7.	Add categories other that the default category navigates to the page of Pro features.
8.	Verify the purchase functionality in the Pro features page.
9.	Check the functionality of “Allow showing Ads” link
10.	Verify overall UI with the specification
11.	Long tap to a category shows the category name
12.	Check the access permission before installing the app.

Bug: Clicking on “Allow showing Ads” allows user to add unlimited category, which is a feature of Pro version.

Transfer:
1.	Transfer amount from one account to another account and verify the transfer.
2.	Select date to verify the transfer has been took place on selected date.
3.	Validate the input fields.
4.	Validate the boundary values for the amount field.
5.	Transfer more amount to another account than the initial amount.

Top Right menu:
1.	Categories:
a.	Check edit category and verify the edited value.
b.	Add new category and verify the newly created category is available in the list of category with the right icon.
c.	Delete the Category should remove the category form list.
d.	Validate input field.

2.	Accounts:
a.	Add new account
i.	Check enabling/disabling “Included in the balance” feature reflects the amount in dashboard.
ii.	Check “Account currency” and “Currency rate” redirects to Pro feature page.
iii.	Verify initial amount according to initial date.
iv.	Verify carryover feature by adding initial amount in past date.
v.	Verify the transfer functionality as previous cases.
vi.	Check Merge two accounts.
vii.	Validate input field.
viii.	Try to add account without icon
ix.	Check the type of input value in “Initial account balance”
x.	Check boundary value of initial balance 
xi.	Delete an account
xii.	Try to merge account when there is only one account
b.	Delete all default account
c.	Try to transfer when there is no account.

3.	Currencies:
a.	Check it should navigate to Pro features page and works after purchase.

4.	Settings:
a.	Check the Budget mode which should be reflated in dashboard.
b.	Validate the input filed of Monthly Budget amount.
c.	“Carry Over”, “Dark theme” will be available on purchase.
d.	Check Passcode Protection, Dropbox Sync, Google drive Sync redirects to Pro feature page and works after purchase.
e.	Change preferred language and check throughout the application.
f.	Change the “Currency” and check throughout the application.
g.	Change the “First day of the week”, “First day of the month” to check first day is set accordingly.
h.	Check export to file generates a valid CSV file.
i.	Check Create data backup.
j.	Check Restore data and verify the restored values.
k.	Check Clear Data in device, Dropbox and Google drive.
l.	Check Review, About Monefy, Privacy Policy link.

Top Left menu:
1.	Check the Monthly Budget amount changes according to Day, Week, Month, Year and All.
2.	Pick a specific date to verify the amounts in that day.
3.	Check the amount, expenses and deposits when “All accounts” is selected.
4.	Verify the amounts according to the selected account.
5.	Check the amounts according to Day, Week, Month, Year and All.





